# PlutoCRown/Gadget
Record some ECMAScript API or other gadgets that I usually have less access to.

## CSS Series

[CSSTest](CSSTest.html)
> Documenting the difference between hue-rotate's performance and panning colored backgrounds
> And the browser behavior of mixed-mode
> Also contains a js implementation of the drag block.

[Canvas](Canvas.html)
> I was going to do a Canvas performance test, but currently there's only a little circle that follows the mouse.

[GameCard](card.html)
> A UI for a card game, it's a little twitchy at the moment but I'm going to fix him.

[DeleteButton](Delete!.html)
> A long press button to confirm deletion
> I plan to add a delete animation to him and make him behave the same way.

[auto-fill/auto-fit](grid.html)
> A simple comparison of the features of Grid layouts.

[ClickEffect](MouseEffect.html)
> Trying to achieve a nice looking click effect, but generally.

[Slider](Slider.html)
> The effect of scrolling to switch cards.

[SimpleTypesetting](Typesetting.html)
Chinese typesetting


## ECMAScript API

[Bezier](canvasBezier.html)
Drawing Bezier curves using canvas

[indexedDB](indexedDB.html)
> I tried to package some indexedDB api myself.
> and implement a TodoList.

[IntersectionObserver](IntersectionObserver.html)
> The use of the API IntersectionObserver.
> He must observe the intersection state of the target element with its ancestor elements or the top-level document viewport. :( sad

[postMessage Practice](postMessage.html)
> This example demonstrates two documents synchronizing the contents of an input box.
> It seems that the onmessage event is only executed when the document gets focus.
> ps: launching a link may be blocked by the browser, you can change it to launching at the click of a button instead of at regular intervals.


[WebGPU Triangle](WebGPU.html)
> Triangles drawn using WebGPU.
> Copied from MDN.

[Embedding Preact](Preact.html)
> Embedded the idea of React from some old web pages and implemented a counter.
> While Preact is only 3kb, the Hooks function is 17kb, and the jsx syntax interpreter is 791kb. actually using it brings in about 1MB of network overhead!
> Consider compiling it and putting it in, or using a better jsx compiler.
> Preact and his Hooks are embedded directly in the file.

[WebRTC](WebRTC.html)
> Some WebRTC APIs.
> Code generated by ChatGPT.

[VideoRecoder](Recorder.html)
For the exploration of the MediaRecorder API, Chrome's support for WebCodecs should add more features in the future

## Other 

[SVG Page Header](profile.html)
> Copied from [BEPb](https://github.com/BEPb/BEPb) Profile.


[Y-Combinator](Y-Combinator.js)
> Personal Understanding of Y-Combinator.
> My personal understanding can be seen in [juejin](https://juejin.cn/post/7271597656119476243) thoughts.